hey y'all happy sunday what made me
smile screwed today tomorrow st. Patty's
Day and something like some bangers and
mash what the hell so over here I got me
some Yukon Gold potatoes cut them is
water heating up give me some butter
mashing up or melting up going to melt
some butter up in my pan melt some
butter for my potatoes gonna need some
leeks an onion I got an onion over here
irish sausage bangers and we're gonna
make some nigs and peas and when cook
the sausage add the leeks and onions to
it a little bit of flour salt and pepper
make me some gravy out of some beef
broth and some Guinness so let me get
this all started and show you what we're
doing next alright oh my God my sausage
is browned up pretty good they're not
cooked yet but i got them brown you can
see that so i'm gonna take them out of
the skillet thrown onions in here
more put some color on these onions
we're on like kind of a onion gravy
onion elite gravy
for all yours man i know the car lengths
away your mother did this but this is my
take on it what you go garnet in there
screaming that's good
there go delete
little fresh crack yeah
yummy turn the power down just a little
bit and we'll go let these onions cook
down a bit and we'll be back okay I go
gung as well one way I just a little bit
of butter in here got knocked down a
little bit i'm gonna add a couple of
spoons of flour
let's talk two tablespoons of flour just
a vowel
flour taste out of here I'm gonna get
this gun I'll be right back
ok good about where i want it i'm going
to take my guinness here
love it
okay person hung up off the bottom of
the pan kind of beef broth keep stirring
around make sure I got everything off
the bottom and the sausage is back in
any juice it's on a pedi Dan your noisy
I'm not gonna put it on it cheers and
Irish
you know drinking us go like whiskey on
a bottle oh hey like chocolate beer
to me me yes soaping up put a lid on
here we let this simmer I don't know 20
minutes maybe mash your potatoes gotta
get a pan of water going from appease
and then we'll be back in a few oh go
okay there's what my gravy sausage is oh
gosh my bangers they're almost done
right now faces salsa I got maybe a
teaspoon of fresh rosemary and I'm
huffing just perfume it just a bit right
a dead half roadway yeah I like her my
boy that's not good
turn it down pretty low and then put the
lid parsley on let it reduce just a
little bit more i'm probably i don't
know eight ten minutes away from eating
so i'll get that done and i'll come back
with fish plate here in a minute hmm
there you go guys my version bangers and
mash with peas so let me taste your
gravy few potatoes see what happens it's
still hot like my food always is no burn
his mouth Oh yummy hmm that's good
yeah it's real good
okay from iris offing chair
irish it's not care bangers from the
fresh market oh that's good that's good
another good meal from Keith check the
ball reshef rocks so I'm going to eat
and don't have a great Saint Patrick's
Day tomorrow look at the honors to you
be back next time